[OCPBUGS-41344] Update minor version of RHEL 8 for worker node (#83655)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

{product-title} is designed for FIPS. When running {op-system-base-full} or {op-system-first} booted in FIPS mode, {product-title} core components use the {op-system-base} cryptographic libraries that have been submitted to NIST for FIPS 140-2/140-3 Validation on only the `x86_64`, `ppc64le`, and `s390x` architectures.

// Double check OP system versions

> {product-title} {product-version} is supported on {op-system-base-full} 8.6 and any subsequent version of {op-system-base-full} 8 which is released before End of Life of {product-title} {product-version} as well as on {op-system-first} 4.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} {product-version} is supported on {op-system-base-full} 8.8 and a later version of {op-system-base} 8 that is released before End of Life (EoL) of {product-title} {product-version} and on {op-system-first} 4.13.
```
